src/asciidoc/quick-start.adoc, before:

:icons: font
:prewrap!:
:docinfo: shared
:sectnumlevels: 5
:sectnums:
:page-layout: docs
:linkattrs:
:experimental:
:source-highlighter: rouge
:appendix-caption: appendix-caption
:sectanchors:
:title-logo-image: image:resources/img/stacksaga-logo.jpg[top=25%,align=center,pdfwidth=0.5in]
:doctype: book
:toc: left
:toc-title: Steps

////
++++
<style>
#header, #content, #footer, #footnotes {
  max-width: none;
  padding-left: 50px;
}
</style>
++++
////


= StackSga Quick Start Guide

To get started with StackSaga, these steps should be followed in high-level.

. <<setup_stacksaga_admin_server,Setup StackSaga Admin Server>>
. <<configure_stacksaga_core_dependency,Configure StackSaga Core Dependency>>
. <<create_aggregator,Create Aggregator>>
. <<create_executors,Create Executors>>
. <<use_sagatemplate,Use `SagaTemplate`>>
. <<use_sagatemplate,Configure API-Gateway with StackSag Shield>>

include::setup_stacksaga_admin_server.adoc[]

include::configure_stacksaga_core_dependency.adoc[]

include::create_aggregator.adoc[]

include::create_executors.adoc[]

include::use_sagatemplate.adoc[]

include::configure_api_gateway_with_stacksag_shield.adoc[]

Commit message:

finalized the quick start guide after removing the shield.

src/asciidoc/quick-start.adoc, after:

:icons: font
:prewrap!:
:docinfo: shared
:sectnumlevels: 5
:sectnums:
:page-layout: docs
:linkattrs:
:experimental:
:source-highlighter: rouge
:appendix-caption: appendix-caption
:sectanchors:
:title-logo-image: image:resources/img/stacksaga-logo.jpg[top=25%,align=center,pdfwidth=0.5in]
:doctype: book
:toc: left
:toc-title: Steps

////
++++
<style>
#header, #content, #footer, #footnotes {
  max-width: none;
  padding-left: 50px;
}
</style>
++++
////


= StackSga Quick Start Guide

To get started with StackSaga, these steps should be followed in high-level.

. <<setup_stacksaga_admin_server,Setup StackSaga Admin Server>>
. <<configure_stacksaga_core_dependency,Configure StackSaga Core Dependency>>
. <<create_aggregator,Create Aggregator>>
. <<create_executors,Create Executors>>
. <<use_sagatemplate,Use `SagaTemplate`>>
. <<use_sagatemplate,Configure API-Gateway with StackSag Shield>>

include::setup_stacksaga_admin_server.adoc[]

include::configure_stacksaga_core_dependency.adoc[]

include::create_aggregator.adoc[]

include::create_executors.adoc[]

include::use_sagatemplate.adoc[]

*Congratulations!*
You have successfully configured StackSaga on your server.
Go to the StackSaga Admin Server and see the transactions by selecting the service.
